style-guide: adjust grouping wording (#21150)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

```md
# adb disconnect

> > This command has been moved together with `adb connect`.

Author: ```suggestion
> The examples for this command have been moved together with `adb connect`.
```
